Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- No.
- Checkmate.
- Unbelievable.
- Did you lose or win?
- I lost.
- Do you play the game?
- I do not play the game.
- You do not play the game.
- Can't you tell?
That's why I lost.
- I can tell.
I mean. I like the way you
move the pieces around.
but I mean. you're
actually playing a game?
- I am doing my very best.
- Oh my God. you did
poorly. trust me.
- I think he
played the game.
- And Marcus. let me
ask you a question.
Would you say
that this whole location's
a little out of the way.
even for you?
- Well.
If you're looking
for Kodiak bears.
there's only one place to go.
- And you've said that before.
but what I don't understand
is what makes 'em so special.
- They can stand 10 feet tall.
weigh up to 1.500 pounds.
run 30 miles an hour.
climb any tree that
can hold their weight.
they're not afraid of man.
and they like how we taste.
- And do they have guns?
- The bears?
- Yeah.
- Come on. Whit.
What are you talking about?
- Well. you want it to be
a fair fight. don't you?
How's it a fair fight
if he's not armed?
- Oh. oh. so. so an unarmed
man fighting a Kodiak bear
is a fair fight?
- It's a fight a hell
of a lot of people.
including myself and you.
would pay a lot
of bucks to watch.
Even him with the tacky
sweater on would pay to see it.
- My wife bought me this sweater
and hunting is the best
sport in the world.
- Well. for the hunter. for you.
You enjoy hunting. you
enjoy that part of it
when the bear's looking at you
and you don't think
he feels pain.
or you don't think he feels fear
or any goddamn thing like that.
like every other human being
or every other being
at all that's alive?
- Look. you can humanize
the bear all you like.
But at the end of the day.
it's just looking at
us as their next meal.
- Let me ask you a question.
Are you trying to tell
me when you're armed
and you're heading for a bear
that he doesn't know
what you're up to?
That he doesn't
know for a second
that you might kill
him and take his life?
- Whit. the Kodiak bear
is a cunning predator.
an apex killer.
but almost all of his
behavior is instinctual.
The only circumstance
that might provide him
with a. you know.
current lesson.
mating season maybe.
- Mating season.
I'll drink to that.
- Okay.
but how many drinks have you
had while we're counting?
- This is my very first one.
- You
lying piece of shit.
- And by the way. I
couldn't see your point earlier.
- Sanger.
Did we wake you?
- No. Father. I'm okay.
- Bad dreams?
- No.
Maybe.
- How about a drink?
- Yeah.
- I got an extra one
always on standby.
- Okay. yeah.
So we past the island yet?
- No. sir.
- Soon.
- What is it about this island
that's got you all nervous?
- Its reputation. bad one.
- It's mostly rumor
and superstition.
- Does anybody notice
how the captain's
nerves have been shaky
while on this voyage?
Saw the charts we drew up
and he knew where
we're headed wasn't
for the faint of heart.
- Don't question this
captain's courage.
I know he seems
like an old prick
and he doesn't know what he's
doing and he may be afraid.
but even afraid. he'd go
right up to the devil.
look him in the eye. and
say. "Give me a light. bud."
That's who he is.
- Captain was acting
a bit funny earlier.
Some of the crew as well.
He is afraid of something.
- Probably rumor
masquerading as fact.
- No. I felt it.
I was out on the rail earlier.
There was no breeze.
As if there was a poisonous
sensation in the air.
chill and wet feeling
that stuck to me.
- Well. buy a fucking
coat. Jesus Christ.
You're shit-faced.
- No.
- Oh. you're shit-faced.
Oh. come on.
- No. first one. first drink.
- Go to nappy's house.
- Okay.
- Mr. Rainsford.
- Captain.
- We've sounded two horns for
we're about in the bottleneck.
- Bottleneck?
- That's right. The only way
to go at it from this way is
to come close to the island.
sliding through the
bottleneck between the island
and a large reef.
shoals all around.
We've slowed to a crawl.
In 30 minutes. it'll be
the shallows of the island
to the left and nothing
but reef to the right.
The island's beaches will
be no more than 100 meters
from our port side. so if you
believe in a God. gentlemen.
start praying to him.
- Thank you.
- Thank you. captain.
- There's still time to turn
the boat and go around. sir.
- We already had
this discussion.
We don't have the three
days to go around the island
and I'm not gonna let
superstition rule the day.
Thank you.
- I hope the hunt is
worth it. Mr. Rainsford.
- He's lost his nerve.
- Like I said.
Hey. Sanger. you
find God in that war?
- No. sir.
God left us to die there.
I'm going back to bed.
- Sanger. one second.
Throughout history. men have
done horrible things to men
for a myriad of reasons.
Do not let your war
experience control
your whole life afterwards.
The war is over. Sanger.
Do you understand?
- I appreciate the
effort. Father.
I do.
- Get some rest.
Tomorrow's a big day.
- Good
night. gentlemen.
- Good night. son.
- He'll be okay. Marcus.
This trip will be good for him.
- Yeah.
Well. we shall see.
- You'll see.
- Sanger?
Sanger!
Oh. my boy. oh my God.
Thought you were lost to me.
Oh. my boy. my boy.
Are you okay. are you okay?
- I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine.
What happened?
- My best guess is
the boiler blew.
Only thing that makes sense
in this kind of situation.
- No. no. no. no. no. no.
No. that doesn't make
any sense at all.
There's no way the
captain hires people
that can't maintain his boiler.
It's gotta be something else.
- Well. I'm at
a loss then. Marcus.
because the only thing on a ship
that should explode like
that is the boilers.
- Captain Nielsen. where is he?
Wait. Whit?
- Drowned.
Right next to me.
- We don't know how long
we're gonna be here.
We have to see what we
could salvage from the ship.
Okay. we're gonna need
food stuff. fresh water.
Okay. we're gonna need anything
we can use to build a fire.
to maintain the fire.
Maybe something we could
build a shelter out of.
We need some rope
and any sharp edged
instrument we can find.
Okay. ready?
Okay?
- This is it. isn't it. Marcus?
- Ah.
Yes. this is it.
- Well. maybe superstition
isn't so unbelievable after all.
- Well. superstition
didn't blow up the boat.
- There may be more survivors.
- Okay. who is there?
The three of us and Whitney.
the captain. four crewmen.
- Two of the crew are dead.
- How do you know that?
- They washed on
the shore with me.
- Damn.
Marcus?
- Yes. that was a rifle.
Sounded like a...
- A Mazda.
- A Mazda. that's right.
Well. that means there's
someone else here.
This is good news.
- Sure about that. Father?
- Yeah.
We're at the edge of the
Aleutian Territory. son.
There's nobody out here.
The fact we heard
another rifle means
there's gotta be
another hunter. right?
This is good.
there'll be a camp.
there'll be food.
there'll be dry clothes.
- Maybe there's a plane.
Maybe there's a landing
strip somewhere.
- That's right.
- That rifle shot was
about a mile away.
- You know. that rifle shot
was about half a mile away.
We'd better go.
Come on. come on. let's go.
Let's go to the sound. come on.
Come on. Sanger. we can do this.
We can do it. Sanger.
we've got this.
Something's been shot.
- 7.9 millimeter.
- Wowza.
- What are they hunting?
- Okay.
Keep your eyes open.
Pay attention.
Oh.
Civilization.
- Not savages then.
Good.
I was beginning to get worried.
- Oh. Rex. I didn't think
you were scared of anything.
- Scared of my wife.
She wants me back
home in one piece.
- Okay.
Let's see if we can get
off this island. huh?
All right. they've got fire.
- Okay. so you're right
again. they're not savages.
Jesus!
- Oh.
We mean you no harm.
We are unarmed.
Our ship sank last night.
We are marooned on your island?
This is my friend. Rex Alan.
That's my son Sanger.
I am Marcus Rainsford.
You are?
- Welcome.
I must assume you
are the survivors
of the boat I
heard have a mishap
in the middle of the night.
- Yes.
Yes. we are.
- Please excuse Ivan there.
He is a mute.
And also deaf quite
a bit of the time.
You must be hungry.
Ivan will show you
to what I hope will be
acceptable quarters.
And we will discuss your
dilemma over dinner after a bit.
- Thank you.
- Most certainly I will
be able to help you.
Excuse me.
- You guys okay?
Oh.
- Isn't exactly
the Waldorf. is it?
- This place is fine until
we get off the island. okay?
- How you doing?
- Something about this
place doesn't feel right.
- So. what give it away for you?
Frankenstein out there
or the casual demeanor
in which our host
accepted us in?
- Let's prepare for dinner.
This is a beautiful moose.
Should be hung on the wall.
- Must have taken a few
shots to bring it down.
- Yes. it was quite the task.
- Did he charge you?
- Held me against the
tree. fractured my skull.
But at last. at
the end of the day.
I proclaimed to be the victor.
- Well. the moose is
a formidable opponent
during mating season.
but the most dangerous is
the Cape Water Buffalo.
- Here at my preserve. I hunt
even more dangerous game.
- No.
- You have big game
here on the island?
- The most dangerous.
- Huh. isn't that a coincidence?
- What could that be?
- It's not here
naturally. of course.
I have to stock the island.
- Of course.
- Please. sir. let
me introduce myself.
I'm Baron Carl Von Wolf.
- And I'm Marcus-
- You need no introduction. sir.
I have read all of your books.
I know of your adventures.
I too am a hunter.
- Yes.
- Where are my manners?
Please. shall we sit.
drink wine. eat good food?
You all deserve a bit of
conversation and relaxation.
- Uh. I don't mind if I do.
- After you.
- Thank you. Baron.
Baron. what is the animal
that you have imported
here to your island?
Lions. tigers?
- I'm afraid tigers ceased to
interest me a long time ago.
They would not survive in
this climate. I might add.
However. I exhausted their
possibilities. you see.
There was no real thrill
there. no real danger.
And I'm afraid
danger is something
that has been forged into me.
Maybe because of my
military background.
I am familiar with the
New Yorker. Rex Allen.
if I'm not mistaken.
- You are correct. sir.
- You made your riches
in stocks. I believe.
I've once read in
one of your stories
about you taking down a mighty
elk with a muzzle loader.
coincidentally in your own home
state. if I'm not mistaken.
- You are correct. sir.
- Impressive.
You.
I have no idea of your exploits.
- I don't have any.
- Nonsense.
My son Sanger is a
decorated war hero.
- Is that so?
- Father.
I'd rather not talk about it.
- Never be afraid of the
things that you have done
in this life. Sanger.
They're what define us.
That is something to embrace.
- Well said.
- I am most glad to
have your company here.
although I am terribly sorry
that it's under such
sad circumstances.
- Yes. we lost a
very good friend.
- The whole crew too.
It's all a damn shame.
- We still have three
people unaccounted for.
And yeah. it's terrible.
Life lost for no reason.
- I have a ship.
It is off island for
another several days.
getting supplies. you see.
When it returns. you
shall all voyage home.
- Thank you. Baron.
Very gracious.
- That's good news.
- Baron. you were speaking
of the game here on
the island earlier.
- Yes. well. we shall all
hunt while you are here. no?
You will be amused. I think.
I've done a rare thing.
I have invented a new sensation.
Ivan. more port.
- You don't happen to have
any whiskey there. do you?
Okay. all right.
just thought I'd ask.
Take it easy. big fella.
- Port makes some men
poets. Mr. Rainsford.
Some it makes
kings. some beggers.
He made us hunters. didn't he?
- Yes. he did.
- This hand was made for
the trigger. my father said.
He was a very rich man.
He owned a quarter of a
million acres in Poland.
When I was five.
he gave me a little gun
to shoot sparrows with.
When I shot his prize turkeys
instead. he did not punish me.
No.
Instead he complimented
me on my marksmanship.
My whole life has
been one prolonged hunt.
I mean. I've been into the
army as what was expected
from an nobleman's son.
And for a time I commanded a
division of men that. well.
later we be referred
to as the Wolf Pack.
But my real interest
was always the hunt.
- Baron. excuse me if
I'm off the mark here.
but I'd wager a bet
you're from Germany?
- I left the country
for it was imprudent
for an officer of the
Reich to stay there.
especially as myself
never cared much for war
nor the man leading it.
Many lost everything.
Luckily. I had invested
heavily in American securities.
So naturally. I
continued my hunt.
Crocodiles in the Ganges.
rhinoceros in East Africa.
And eventually I left
to hunt the famed jaguar
in the infamous Amazon.
It was a creature of
great disappointment.
- What?
The jaguar is the most
revered cat there is.
- I assure you. sir.
there is nothing interesting
about the hunt of the jaguar.
a dumb animal. really.
- I'm sorry about
Rex's outburst.
but he has been desperate
to hunt the jaguar
for probably 10 years now.
- I will offer a
better alternative.
I can assure you of that.
- Oh yeah. right. of course.
probably the secret beast you
have somewhere hidden here
on your wretched island. right?
- Rex.
- Sanger.
You've been strangely quiet.
- I'm just listening. Father.
- Observation.
A trait from the war. I gather.
- A trait any man
should acquire.
- If only they all did.
What was your
speciality. Sanger?
In the war. I mean.
- I was a marksman.
- Have you hunted much?
- No.
That's why I invited him
to join us on this trip.
- The kid's a crack
shot from 500 yards.
Beats me on my best day.
- Thousand.
- Huh?
- Pardon?
- Thousand yards
is my best shot.
There we are.
- There is no greater
bore than perfection.
is there. Sanger?
See. I became the
perfect hunter.
No quarry could match me.
No animal stood a chance.
Boredom found me very easily.
Then one day. it
just came to me.
- What did?
- I had to invent
something new to hunt.
This island is a
perfect preserve.
Trees. streams.
hills. mountains.
I had to hunt something
that had courage. cunning.
and above all else. it
had to be able to reason.
- No animal can reason.
- There is but one.
- Not man.
That's murderous.
- I refuse to believe that
such modern and civilized men
would have romantic ideals
about the value of human life.
Especially one such as yourself
that tasted it. felt it.
- War is war.
It didn't make me a murderer.
- No. boy.
It made you a hunter.
- This is some kind
of sick joke. right?
- I do not joke about my hunts.
- Baron. if what you
are saying is serious.
then this is murder.
- That word again.
I would wager that you
will forget that notion
once you go hunting with me.
You will have a genuine
thrill in store for you.
Correct me if I
am wrong. Sanger.
but there is no hunting
like the hunting of man.
Those who have hunted
armed men for long enough
and liked it never cared for
anything else thereafter.
- I've never found pleasure
in taking any life.
Never mind another person's.
- This is barbarism.
- It's all a joke.
The old Baron here is
just trying to scare us
with some of his
German fear tactics.
- Your American humor is
beginning to unnerve me.
Life is for the strong.
to be lived by the strong.
And it may be taken
by the strong.
The weak of the
fold were put here
for the strong's pleasure.
And I am strong.
I survived the war. even
though my people lost.
Why should I not be
able to use my gift?
If I wish to hunt.
why should I not be able
to continue to do so?
- Because they're human.
- Precisely.
Men can reason.
That makes them a
worthy adversary.
That makes them dangerous.
- A worthy adversary?
Tell me. Baron. were
they worthy adversaries
when you locked us
up in the camps?
- I was against that.
The camps were a waste of time.
They cost too much money and
were a waste of resources.
- Where do these
lost souls come from?
- How did you get
here. Mr. Rainsford?
It's a small channel.
It is just small enough.
yet just deep enough
that sea mines prove
an effective tool
against unsuspecting ships.
- You blew us up.
- I created the event
that got you here. yeah.
but I had no way of knowing
who's on board the vessel.
It is by sheer coincidence
that you are here
and much to my delight.
So we go hunting tomorrow. yes?
- No.
- Hell no.
- We are not going to
participate whatsoever
in your murder hunt.
- Hypocrites!
A fresh kill from this morning.
Took three shots.
The first two wounded him.
the third made him close
his eyes for the final time.
He will make an adequate
addition to my collection.
- Your collection?
- Jesus Christ.
- There's a game. you see.
I give them supplies. food.
an excellent hunting knife.
They get three
hours of start time.
I follow. armed
only with my rifle.
If my quarry eludes me
for three whole days.
they win the game.
If I find them. he loses.
- Okay. and suppose
they refuse to hunt?
- Ivan's torturous methods
are quite unbearable.
It is his own idea of sport.
Those who have refused
have never survived longer
than a night in his care.
And although to date.
I have not lost.
and only on one occasion did
my quarry choose an ending
of the suicidal variety.
The coward. shamefully.
He seemed like a
worthy opponent.
- Yes. well. Baron. I'm sorry.
but we are not going to
participate in your murder hunt.
- Be quick.
- Father.
- Please go.
- Be quiet.
You are a Rainsford.
- Apologies. my boy.
But they refused.
I suppose you will not.
Three days. Sanger.
Although. I guess you are
now the Mr. Rainsford?
Ah.
This is good.
Fire in your eyes.
Ah.
I'm excited to see what kind
of adversary you will be.
Here.
Put these on.
Here we all are now. Sanger.
I would like to introduce you
to Miss Mary. Mr. Quinlan.
They have been here
for a few weeks now.
I've been waiting for the most
opportune moment to use them.
I think now. paired with you.
will make the game
much more interesting.
Do you have your supplies?
Some fresh water. food.
enough of such to last for
three days if rationed properly.
I will give you three hours.
Plenty enough time for
a good solid head start.
You engaged in
the war years ago.
That was not yours
to interrupt in.
Today. we continue the
battle. Mr. Rainsford.
Ah.
Let us play.
Run.
I will see you
soon. Mr. Rainsford.
Let the hunt begin.
- Come on. come on.
Let's go.
No. no. Mary. Mary.
we can't stop.
We have to keep moving.
Come on.
- Where are we gonna go?
We don't even have a plan.
- The plan is just to
keep moving. all right?
We have to go. come on.
Whoa. whoa.
Look.
- I'm afraid we
didn't have a chance
to properly introduce
ourselves back there.
- Yeah. well. I don't
think it matters right now.
- It matters.
Look. if we're gonna
survive together.
it's not gonna hurt to
know each other's names.
And I'm sorry. I didn't
catch yours back there
in the middle of that chaos.
I was a bit distracted.
- My name is Mary.
- Quin.
- My name is Sanger.
- Sanger. how did you
come about the island?
- I can only assume
the same as you two.
traveling on a ship that
had no business sailing
into these waters.
What can you tell
me about the Baron?
- He's a very evil man.
- Calculated.
- He leaves with people like us
and he always comes back alone.
- And usually with a
bloody canvas sack.
- For his trophies and
his wall nonetheless.
- His wall?
- Yeah.
Never mind. it's not important.
- So how did you come
about these waters?
- Me and my father. we
were on a hunting trip.
We were going to a place
called Kodiak to hunt bear.
And...
Yes. I'm familiar
with hunting tactics
and how to track prey.
- So what do you suggest we do?
- Well. I'd say we
follow this water.
I can't tell you exactly the
type of hunter the Baron is.
I mean. he talks as if he's
the most experienced hunter
and I can only assume
he is quite the tracker.
given his experience in the war.
You know. if we stay
inside this water.
it'll mask our
scent and our trail.
- So do you think we'll survive?
- I think we have
a fighting chance.
And that's something I
know a little bit about.
How do you two know each other?
- Quinlan is my brother.
- I see.
- We were heading north
to see our father.
- He's very sick.
And unfortunately he
doesn't have much time.
- He's been working the fishing
docks down by the territory.
We chartered a
vessel to get here.
- And let me guess.
Cutting through the channel
near the island would've saved
a few extra days.
- Yes. exactly.
- All right then.
What do you say we keep moving?
Let's not let this
guy catch up to us.
Yeah?
- Okay.
- This looks like a good spot.
Let's rest up here
in this brush.
- Well. we're sleeping
in those bushes?
- Yeah.
Look. we've been
walking a good while.
Our scent shouldn't
be traceable.
We've done a decent
job with our tracks.
I say we rest up here
for a little while.
Come nightfall. we'll
get back on the trail.
- Where did you learn
about this sort of thing?
- My father.
- Where's he?
- Baron shot him.
- I'm sorry.
- Yeah. me too.
- He shot him?
Where?
- We were at dinner
before I met you two.
and my father refused
to hunt with him.
- That's not like him.
- What do you mean?
- He doesn't shoot anyone
unless he takes him out
here into the forest.
So why did he keep you alive?
- I'm not sure.
- Yeah. well. it probably
would've been better
to die over there.
- Being shot there doesn't give
you a chance to fight back.
- And you know
something about that?
- I do.
- What. are you a
soldier or something?
- I was.
Look. enough of that.
Let's get some rest.
For both of you.
If we're gonna survive
the next three days.
we're gonna need all
the rest we can get.
Let's go.
Enough talking.
Nobody move.
Quinlan. control yourself.
- He's gone.
He's gone.
We have to go. we
have to go right now.
- No.
- Do not move.
- We must run.
Let's go.
- Stop.
Quinlan. stop.
- We must run.
- Damn it.
- Come on. we gotta go. guys.
Come on. come on.
- Run. run!
- Let's go.
- The game is much more fun
when you run. Mr. Rainsford!
Go.
Tend your wounds.
They will leave a trail
that Rainsford might
be able to follow.
And we certainly
do not need that.
Go.
Bullet went into your lung. boy.
That's why you are
short of breath.
Beginning to suffocate.
Soon. you will drown
in your own blood.
Horrible way to die. I say.
You proved nothing of a
worthy adversary. I'm afraid.
I'm bored.
- Please.
- You aren't worth the bullet.
But the faint hope of
mercy is worth the report.
- Got it.
- He didn't suffer.
- What?
- That was a kill shot.
A shot meant to show
mercy on an animal
if the previous shot from a
distance wasn't entirely fatal.
- Mercy?
That man has no mercy.
- We don't have time for
this right now. okay?
The only thing your brother
would want is for you to survive
and in order to do that.
we have to keep moving.
We can grieve him later.
Right now. we need to create
distance between him and us.
- Distance?
Why?
- Because I need
time to set a trap.
This looks like a good spot.
Yeah.
Right here is good.
Let's rest up.
Hey.
Can I ask you a question?
After seeing your father.
would you have gone back
to wherever it is
that you came from?
- No.
- Why not?
- I'm from a small
town in Colorado
and it's lovely there.
but there's no future.
So my brother and I.
we were gonna go
to the east coast
to start a business together.
- Entrepreneur.
Okay.
What kind of business?
- I make chocolate.
Seems ridiculous now. but...
- Who doesn't like chocolate?
I'd kill somebody right
now for some chocolate.
- What about you?
Have you ever been
to the east coast?
- Yeah. yeah.
I live there.
New York.
- Wow.
I've never seen a big
city like New York before.
What's that like?
- Lots of people
who love chocolate.
And tall buildings
take all the sky.
automobiles rumble and grumble
night and day. and rats.
Lots of fucking rats.
- I would really like
to see New York someday.
- I'll tell you what.
We get out of this.
I promise you will.
I'll take you there myself.
- That's kind of you.
but we're in no place
to make any promises.
- I'm a Rainsford.
I know where I'm going. ma'am.
- Honor.
That's admirable.
- Now.
If I can find a
particular tree...
- Did I do okay?
- You did perfect.
- You think we got him?
- Rainsford!
Rainsford!
Did I hit you?
Oh. if so. it must
barely be an abrasion!
If you can still hear
the sound of my voice.
which I suppose you can. I
want to congratulate you!
Not many men know how to
make a Malay mancatcher.
A trap learned from
your father. I gather.
Lucky for me. I
hunted in Morocco too.
Rainsford.
Rainsford!
You have proved a very worthy
and very fun adversary.
Mr. Rainsford.
I'm going to go get
my wound dressed.
It's only a slight one.
but it may keep me
from aiming straight.
But I will be back. sir.
I will be back.
Rainsford!
I'll be coming back.
Rainsford. I'm coming for you!
- We have to bandage that.
- Yeah. we do.
- He left behind a trail?
- Yeah.
- Oh. I'm sorry I can't do more.
- Hey.
You have no reason to apologize.
This isn't your fault.
Why would you ever think you'd
be in a situation like this?
- I've been thinking
about the large man.
- The one he calls Ivan.
- Yes. Ivan.
Back home. men used dogs
to chase the game birds
and the mountain
cats from the woods.
Do you suppose the Baron
uses the mute like a dog?
- Yes.
That's an accurate observation.
Don't know how I
didn't see that.
But you did.
Well done. Mary.
Hold on.
- The Baron says he has a boat.
I suggest we go find it.
- The Baron's a liar.
We don't know how many
men he actually has.
where the ship would be.
or if it even exists.
- I overheard him talking
about bringing back supplies.
- As did I.
- So then it must be true.
- Yeah.
I suppose so.
- Hey!
Go back the other way.
- The other way?
- Go!
- We're not going back there.
We're dead if we do.
Who are you?
- I am someone who tricked him.
That's who I am.
And nobody. but nobody will
compromise my hiding spot here.
You understand?
- Your ship sank here too.
- Sank?
Sank?
Sank. what are you
talking about. sank?
It was booby trapped.
My men were hunted down
like pigs to the slaughter.
But I. I survived.
I fooled him.
Now you two. go on. go.
- Wait. please.
We need your help.
- I can't help you.
- Yes. you can.
You don't have any supplies.
anything to clean and dress
this wound before it's infected?
Anything. please.
- Bugs.
Bugs and dirt are
gonna get on that soon.
Oh. this God forsaken place.
Jesus Christ!
If the Baron don't get you.
then the infection does.
I had a...
A daughter.
I had a daughter. she...
I have a daughter.
She'd be about your age now.
Come on.
Yeah. it's pretty safe up here
because the Baron
doesn't come around much.
Those that he's hunting.
he usually catches on
the first or second days.
Most of those idiots. anyway.
go rushing to the beaches
like a bunch of tourists.
But unlike me.
they didn't venture into
the interior of the island.
But as you can see from here.
I can see anyone coming
from a long distance.
Now.
Come on.
See?
I can see everything.
Over there is where
they wash ashore
after the Baron's seed mines
blow them to smithereens.
And the Baron's hunting
lodge is over there.
And up there over on the
other side is the valley
where they all try to escape.
- What was this place?
- Well. as far as I can reckon.
I think someone
lived here years ago
with cattle of some sort.
but it's a pretty sturdy
little structure actually.
- Where did all this come from?
- Oh. it washed ashore from
the boats that got blown up
and. you know. then the tides
would just kind of move it
around the island and
then I'd scavenge for it
when he wasn't
out there hunting.
- Earlier. you said
that you tricked him.
- Yeah. I did.
He hunted for me for three days.
which under his rules
would've made me the victor.
but the Wolf is not
an honorable man.
And he doesn't like being
bested at his own game.
- So he had zero intention
to let you on that ship.
Assuming there is one.
- Oh. there is a ship.
It's anchored in the bay right
next to his hunting lodge.
But no. no.
there was no way he was gonna
let me get on that ship.
At the end of the third day.
he had me cornered
on top of this bluff.
overlooking the ocean.
And I...
I jumped.
Guess he thought I
committed suicide.
He must have really
been disappointed.
- Why have you not
gone to get the ship?
- Well. I didn't really want
to give up my position here.
And besides. I mean. it
takes more than one person
to run a ship that size. right?
And then. oh. then
there's the mute.
- Ivan.
- Yeah. the big Ruskie.
He's insane.
Insane. I'm telling you.
And he's strong as
a bull. I might add.
- You have
grenades and bullets.
- Yeah. nothing to shoot
the bullets with though.
The grenades. I don't know.
I just haven't really
figured an opportune time to.
or way to use them.
- Trip wire.
- Pardon me?
- You can make trip
wires from grenades.
Simple trap.
- Yeah.
That ain't a bad idea.
What are you. some kind
of soldier or something?
- I was.
- Oh.
Well. let's take a look at this.
See what we can do.
- What's your name. sir?
- Oh. Benjamin Colt.
but you can call me Ben.
Yeah.
- And what do you do
for a living. Ben?
- Well. would you believe it?
I'm a doctor.
Dr. Ben Colt.
Hello.
So where were you
actually headed to?
- Really doesn't
matter much now.
- No. I
suppose it doesn't.
- How are we gonna
get off this island?
- Well. I've never seen
two other survivors before.
and least of all a soldier.
but now that there's
three of us together.
I think there's a
pretty good chance
that we can take that boat.
What do you think. soldier boy?
- I say. at first
light. we move.
Take this rag. mix
it with some water.
make a trail to
divert the Baron.
and then double back and
meet and bolt on the ship.
- Remember. he's a sly
and cunning bastard.
- I can do it.
- Okay then.
We have a plan.
- But I am gonna need those
grenades. if you don't mind.
- What for?
- I just wanna leave our
host a little parting gift
before we leave.
For the both of us.
- You know. I would reckon
to venture that you...
You two have both lost
loved ones close to you. hm?
Kind of a union
of rage and grief.
Rather poetic metaphor.
don't you think?
- There's nothing
poetic about it.
He took our loved ones
and killed them for sport.
He's a monster.
- Yeah.
Well. love. men are
like that sometimes.
And occasionally we have to
just bear our fangs and claws
or otherwise we're no better
than the bugs beneath
our feet. are we?
- Only the strong
were made to survive.
- Got that right. soldier boy.
You're all good.
you're good now.
Hold on.
Let me put this on here.
- Thanks. doc.
- Mm-hm.
Okay.
There you go.
Good night.
- Do you think we'll make it?
- I made you a promise.
- Yes. and as I said.
we are not in a situation
to make any promises.
- Look. I'm gonna
get you on that ship
and you're gonna
see your father.
- If he's even still alive.
- Wish I was afforded the
doubt you take for granted.
The chance to talk
to him one more time.
- I'm sorry.
- You know the worst
part about death?
It's when it's unexpected.
You...
You don't get a proper goodbye.
- The stars never leave the sky.
Even in daylight. when
we can't see them.
they're still there.
- It's why we're gonna live.
It's why we must live.
It's why he's alive.
Okay?
- Okay.
- Just say your prayers
and go to sleep.
- Should probably get some rest.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Say it.
- Say what?
- Say he's alive.
- He's alive. okay?
- Say it like you mean it.
- All right.
- I don't believe you.
- He's alive.
- I can't hear you.
- You're goddamn right.
What is it?
- The man's like
a damn bloodhound!
- I thought you said he
never came in this far.
- No.
What I said is he never had
any reason to come over here.
but now he's tracking new
prey. we've left a blood trail.
it's like a map right to us.
I shouldn't have been so stupid
as to go along with that.
- It's my fault.
I was careless.
Fuck.
I should have taken
better precautions.
I know better than that.
- Ivan.
There are three sets of tracks.
Somehow they found
a third person.
Who could that be?
I can only think of one
whose body I never found.
Flush them out.
I already cut out your tongue.
Yet your hesitation
speaks volumes.
As does your
concentration on me.
Shall I tear out
your eyes as well?
Go.
Go!
- Oh. now where did he go?
- I don't know.
But I don't like being
trapped in like this.
- What's happening?
- The Baron's here.
He's watching us.
- Oh God.
What are we gonna do?
- Well. the only other
option is to go out the back.
that's a 20 foot drop.
And then you're in the
range of his rifle fire.
I guess we wait for the
Wolf to come for us.
I don't know.
Hey!
- We have to go!
- We can't leave him.
- Get outta here!
- Come on.
it's our only chance.
- Ah. the hunt is back on.
- I suppose everyone
must lose a loyal dog
at some point in their lives.
Rainsford!
I'm coming for you!
- Where are we going?
- Well. if we're gonna assume
that the doctor just left
Ivan that parting gift
and the Baron is without
his beloved bloodhound.
I say we make a
run for that ship.
- Okay.
Okay. let's go.
It's okay.
- Oh. are you sure?
- Yes.
- Okay. okay. just
hold on. stop moving.
Gimme a second. I'm gonna
get you outta there.
- Sanger. you have to go.
- Mary. I'm not leaving you.
- You have to.
We can't let him win.
- I made a promise to you
and I intend on keeping it.
- The only way you're
gonna keep that promise is
if you survive.
He's aiming for you. not me.
You're the one he's hunting.
- I'm coming back for you.
- Get back!
- Such a futile attempt.
You've been captured. my
dear. and there is no escape.
I must say.
Mr. Rainsford and you have
been quite fun to chase.
- Is he dead?
- I've learned that if I
can't physically see the body
of my prey. I must
assume them alive.
That is where this
little hunt of ours
has become quite interesting.
- What do you mean?
- Well. I too am good at traps.
as you can see for yourself.
When I knew you were
holed up in that shack.
I set several around the area.
not knowing precisely
which way you would flee.
This has given
way to a new idea.
much like how the Indians
taught me how to hunt a tiger.
One must use live bait
sometimes to catch big game.
And bait you are. my dear.
In India. in Africa.
they use a stake to tie off
a little pig or lamb to.
Live bait for big game. you see.
Dangerous game.
The most dangerous game.
And like I said.
humans can reason. but
they also have empathy.
And the fear of
leaving one behind is
too great a burden for some.
I think it weakness.
quite frankly.
- You are heartless!
- Oh yes. I've
heard this before.
But no matter.
A lion need not listen to
the opinion of a little lamb.
We will wait.
And we will see if
Rainsford comes for you.
- I hope he doesn't
come back at all.
- Why would you
say such a thing?
- So that you know defeat.
So that you feel the loss of
the greatest hunt of your life.
- It is the greatest
hunt of my life.
but I will win. my dear.
and Rainsford's head
will find my wall.
- That is never gonna happen.
He will not come back.
- We will see.
We will see.
Oh. Rainsford!
- Hate to say I told you so.
- Be quiet.
- Sanger is much.
much smarter than you.
Stronger too.
- I said. be quiet.
- He's probably found your boat
by now and already set sail.
- It takes two to operate.
He's still here.
He's just being a coward!
- He is no coward.
How's Ivan doing. by the way?
Man's best friend.
- You know. when the lion
or tiger doesn't come
for the bait. they stick it.
So it bleeds.
Maybe we stick your
little piggy here!
Maybe her screams and her
squeals will make you come out
and face your fate!
Bullets coming down with no arc.
Where are you?
There you are. there you are.
That must
have been you!
I must have hit you!
I must have got him.
How did he get a rifle anyhow?
Where. where?
Damn you!
He has to. he has to
be out of bullets.
He has to. right?
He has to reload.
he has to reload!
Rainsford.
You're more quiet
than the jaguar.
A true beast of prey.
- Baron Von Wolf.
- I must say. it looks
like you have won the game.
Shall we have some port and
discuss how I will get you home?
- Home?
A few days ago. I
watched my father die
in this chair by your hand.
Now I'm gonna watch
you die by mine.
- I see.
Well. one of us will
feed the birds tonight.
And the other shall sleep
in my very comfortable bed.
En garde. Mr. Rainsford.
- We made it.
Thank God.
- It's not over yet.
- What?
- I made a promise to you.
Look. again. after
seeing your father.
are you gonna go back
to wherever it is
you came from. or...
- I've never seen
New York before.